EC2 Questions 
1>
What are the Amazon EC2 API tools?
a. They don’t exist. The Amazon EC2 AMI tools, instead, are used to manage permissions.
b. Command-line tools to the Amazon EC2 web service (CORRECT)
c. They are a set of graphical tools to manage EC2 instances.
d. They don’t exist. The Amazon API tools are a client interface to Amazon Web Services.

2>
When a user is launching an instance with EC2, which of the below mentioned options is not available during the instance launch console for a key pair?
a. Proceed without the key pair - for window instance no key pair required 
b. Upload a new key pair (CORRECT)
c. Select an existing key pair
d. Create a new key pair

3>
A user has launched an EC2 instance from an instance store backed AMI. The infrastructure team wants to create an AMI from the running instance. Which of the below mentioned credentials is not required while creating the AMI?
a. AWS account ID 
b. 509 certificate and private key
c. AWS login ID to login to the console
d. Access key and secret access key

4>
A user has launched an EC2 Windows instance from an instance store backed AMI. The user wants to convert the AMI to an EBS backed AMI. How can the user convert it?

a. Attach an EBS volume to the instance and unbundle all the AMI bundled data inside the EBS
b. A Windows based instance store backed AMI cannot be converted to an EBS backed AMI  (CORRECT)
c. It is not possible to convert an instance store backed AMI to an EBS backed AMI
d. Attach an EBS volume and use the copy command to copy all the ephemeral content to the EBS Volume

5>
A user has launched two EBS backed EC2 instances in the US-East-1a region. The user wants to change the region of one of the instances. How can the user change it?
a. Stop one of the instances and change the region
b. The region can only be modified using the AWS CLI
c. From the AWS EC2 console, select the Actions – > Change region and specify new region
d. Create an AMI of the running instance and launch the instance in a separate region (CORRECT)

6>
A user has launched a large EBS backed EC2 instance in the US-East-1a region. The user wants to achieve Disaster Recovery (DR) for that instance by creating another small instance in Europe. How can the user achieve DR?
a. Copy the running instance using the “Instance Copy” command to the EU region 
b. Create an AMI of the instance and copy the AMI to the EU region. Then launch the instance from the EU AMI (CORRECT)
c. Copy the instance from the US East region to the EU region
d. Use the “Launch more like this” option to copy the instance from one region to another

7>
A user has launched an EC2 instance store backed instance in the US-East-1a zone. The user created AMI #1 and copied it to the Europe region. After that, the user made a few updates to the application running in the US-East-1a zone. The user makes an AMI#2 after the changes. If the user launches a new instance in Europe from the AMI #1 copy, which of the below mentioned statements is true?
a. The new instance will have the changes made after the AMI copy as AWS just copies the reference of the original AMI during the copying. Thus, the copied AMI will have all the updated data
b. The new instance will have the changes made after the AMI copy since AWS keeps updating the AMI
c. It is not possible to copy the instance store backed AMI from one region to another
d. The new instance in the EU region will not have the changes made after the AMI copy (CORRECT)

8>
George has shared an EC2 AMI created in the US East region from his AWS account with Stefano. George copies the same AMI to the US West region. Can Stefano access the copied AMI of George’s account from the US West region?
a. No, copy AMI does not copy the permission (CORRECT) 
b. It is not possible to share the AMI with a specific account
c. Yes, since copy AMI copies all private account sharing permissions
d. Yes, since copy AMI copies all the permissions attached with the AMI

9>
EC2 instances are launched from Amazon Machine images (AMIS). A given public AMI can:
a. be used to launch EC2 Instances in any AWS region.
b. only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same country as the AMI is stored.
c. only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same AWS region as the AMI is stored. (An AMI is tied to the region where its files are located within Amazon S3)
d. only be used to launch EC2 instances in the same AWS availability zone as the AMI is stored.

10>
Which of the following instance types are available as Amazon EBS-backed only? Choose 2 answers
a. General purpose T2 (CORRECT)
b. General purpose M3  
c. Compute-optimized C4  (CORRECT)
d. Compute-optimized C3
e. Storage-optimized 12

11>
A t2.medium EC2 instance type must be launched with what type of Amazon Machine Image (AMI)?
a. An Instance store Hardware Virtual Machine AMI
b. An Instance store Paravirtual AMI
c. An Amazon EBS-backed Hardware Virtual Machine AMI (CORRECT)
d. An Amazon EBS-backed Paravirtual AMI

12>
You have identified network throughput as a bottleneck on your m1.small EC2 instance when uploading data Into Amazon S3 In the same region. How do you remedy this situation? 
a. Add an additional ENI 
b. Change to a larger Instance (CORRECT)
c. Use DirectConnect between EC2 and S3
d. Use EBS PIOPS on the local volume

13>
You are using an m1.small EC2 Instance with one 300 GB EBS volume to host a relational database. You determined that write throughput to the database needs to be increased. Which of the following approaches can help achieve this? Choose 2 answers
a. Use an array of EBS volumes (Striping to increase throughput) (CORRECT)
b. Enable Multi-AZ mode.
c. Place the instance in an Auto Scaling Groups
d. Add an EBS volume and place into RAID 5 (RAID 5 is not recommended as it provides parity and EBS volumes are already replicated across multiple servers in an Availability Zone for availability and durability, so AWS recommends striping for performance rather than durability)
e.Increase the size of the EC2 Instance.
f. Put the database behind an Elastic Load Balancer.



14>
You are tasked with setting up a cluster of EC2 Instances for a NoSQL database. The database requires random read IO disk performance up to a 100,000 IOPS at 4KB block side per node. Which of the following EC2 instances will perform the best for this workload?
a. A High-Memory Quadruple Extra Large (m2.4xlarge) with EBS-Optimized set to true and a PIOPs EBS volume
b. A Cluster Compute Eight Extra Large (cc2.8xlarge) using instance storage
c. High I/O Quadruple Extra Large (hi1.4xlarge) using instance storage (CORRECT)
d. A Cluster GPU Quadruple Extra Large (cg1.4xlarge) using four separate 4000 PIOPS EBS volumes in a RAID 0 configuration


15>
You are implementing a URL whitelisting system for a company that wants to restrict outbound HTTP’S connections to specific domains from their EC2-hosted applications you deploy a single EC2 instance running proxy software and configure It to accept traffic from all subnets and EC2 instances in the VPC. You configure the proxy to only pass through traffic to domains that you define in its whitelist configuration You have a nightly maintenance window or 10 minutes where ail instances fetch new software updates. Each update Is about 200MB In size and there are 500 instances In the VPC that routinely fetch updates After a few days you notice that some machines are failing to successfully download some, but not all of their updates within the maintenance window The download URLs used for these updates are correctly listed in the proxy’s whitelist configuration and you are able to access them manually using a web browser on the instances What might be happening? (Choose 2 answers) [PROFESSIONAL]

a. You are running the proxy on an undersized EC2 instance type so network throughput is not sufficient for all instances to download their updates in time.
b. You have not allocated enough storage to the EC2 instance running me proxy so the network buffer is filling up causing some requests to fall
c. You are running the proxy in a public subnet but have not allocated enough EIPs to support the needed network throughput through the Internet Gateway (IGW)
d. You are running the proxy on a affluently-sized EC2 instance in a private subnet and its network throughput is being throttled by a NAT running on an undersized EC2 instance
e. The route table for the subnets containing the affected EC2 instances is not configured to direct network traffic for the software update locations to the proxy.

16>
You have been asked to design the storage layer for an application. The application requires disk performance of at least 100,000 IOPS in addition; the storage layer must be able to survive the loss of an individual disk, EC2 instance, or Availability Zone without any data loss. The volume you provide must have a capacity of at least 3TB. Which of the following designs will meet these objectives? [PROFESSIONAL]
a. Instantiate an i2.8xlarge instance in us-east-1a. Create a RAID 0 volume using the four 800GB SSD ephemeral disks provided with the instance. Provision 3×1 TB EBS volumes attach them to the instance and configure them as a second RAID 0 volume. Configure synchronous, block-level replication from the ephemeral backed volume to the EBS-backed volume. (Same AZ will not survive the AZ loss)
b. Instantiate an i2.8xlarge instance in us-east-1a. Create a RAID 0 volume using the four 800GB SSD ephemeral disks provided with the Instance Configure synchronous block-level replication to an identically configured Instance in us-east-1b.
c. Instantiate a c3.8xlarge Instance in us-east-1. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway and configure it for 3 TB of storage and 100,000 IOPS. Attach the volume to the instance. (Need synchronous replication to prevent any data loss)
d. Instantiate a c3.8xlarge instance in us-east-1 provision 4x1TB EBS volumes, attach them to the instance, and configure them as a single RAID 5 volume Ensure that EBS snapshots are performed every 15 minutes. (RAID 5 not recommended by AWS and Need synchronous replication to prevent any data loss)
e. Instantiate a c3 8xlarge Instance in us-east-1 Provision 3x1TB EBS volumes attach them to the instance, and configure them as a single RAID 0 volume Ensure that EBS snapshots are performed every 15 minutes. (Need synchronous replication to prevent any data loss)



18>
If I want my instance to run on a single-tenant hardware, which value do I have to set the instance’s tenancy attribute to?
a. dedicated (CORRECT)
b. isolated
c. one
d. reserved

19>
You have a video transcoding application running on Amazon EC2. Each instance polls a queue to find out which video should be transcoded, and then runs a transcoding process. If this process is interrupted, the video will be transcoded by another instance based on the queuing system. You have a large backlog of videos, which need to be transcoded, and would like to reduce this backlog by adding more instances. You will need these instances only until the backlog is reduced. Which type of Amazon EC2 instances should you use to reduce the backlog in the most cost efficient way?
a. Reserved instances
b. Spot instances (CORRECT)
c. Dedicated instances
d. On-demand instances

20>
The one-time payment for Reserved Instances is __________ refundable if the reservation is cancelled.
a. always
b. in some circumstances
c. never

21>
You run a web application where web servers on EC2 Instances are In an Auto Scaling group Monitoring over the last 6 months shows that 6 web servers are necessary to handle the minimum load. During the day up to 12 servers are needed Five to six days per year, the number of web servers required might go up to 15. What would you recommend to minimize costs while being able to provide hill availability?
a. 6 Reserved instances (heavy utilization). 6 Reserved instances (medium utilization), rest covered by On-Demand instances
b. 6 Reserved instances (heavy utilization). 6 On-Demand instances, rest covered by Spot Instances (don’t go for spot as availability not guaranteed)
c. 6 Reserved instances (heavy utilization) 6 Spot instances, rest covered by On-Demand instances (don’t go for spot as availability not guaranteed)
d. 6 Reserved instances (heavy utilization) 6 Reserved instances (medium utilization) rest covered by Spot instances (don’t go for spot as availability not guaranteed)

22>
A user is running one instance for only 3 hours every day. The user wants to save some cost with the instance. Which of the below mentioned Reserved Instance categories is advised in this case?

a. The user should not use RI; instead only go with the on-demand pricing (seems question before the introduction of the Scheduled Reserved instances in Jan 2016, which can be used in this case)
b. The user should use the AWS high utilized RI
c. The user should use the AWS medium utilized RI
d. The user should use the AWS low utilized RI

23>
Which of the following are characteristics of a reserved instance? Choose 3 answers (but 4 answers seem correct)
a. It can be migrated across Availability Zones (can be modified)
b. It is specific to an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) (specific to platform)
c. It can be applied to instances launched by Auto Scaling (are allowed)
d. It is specific to an instance Type (specific to instance family but instance type can be changed)
e. It can be used to lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of a system (helps to reduce cost)

24>
You have a distributed application that periodically processes large volumes of data across multiple Amazon EC2 Instances. The application is designed to recover gracefully from Amazon EC2 instance failures. You are required to accomplish this task in the most cost-effective way. Which of the following will meet your requirements?
a. Spot Instances (CORRECT)
b. Reserved instances
c. Dedicated instances
d. On-Demand instances

25>
Can I move a Reserved Instance from one Region to another?
a. No
b. Only if they are moving into GovCloud
c. Yes
d. Only if they are moving to US East from another region


26>
An application you maintain consists of multiple EC2 instances in a default tenancy VPC. This application has undergone an internal audit and has been determined to require dedicated hardware for one instance. Your compliance team has given you a week to move this instance to single-tenant hardware. Which process will have minimal impact on your application while complying with this requirement?
a. Create a new VPC with tenancy=dedicated and migrate to the new VPC (possible but impact not minimal)
b. Use ec2-reboot-instances command line and set the parameter “dedicated=true”
c. Right click on the instance, select properties and check the box for dedicated tenancy
d. Stop the instance, create an AMI, launch a new instance with tenancy=dedicated, and terminate the old instance (CORRECT)


27>
Your department creates regular analytics reports from your company’s log files. All log data is collected in Amazon S3 and processed by daily Amazon Elastic Map Reduce (EMR) jobs that generate daily PDF reports and aggregated tables in CSV format for an Amazon Redshift data warehouse. Your CFO requests that you optimize the cost structure for this system. Which of the following alternatives will lower costs without compromising average performance of the system or data integrity for the raw data? [PROFESSIONAL]
a. Use reduced redundancy storage (RRS) for PDF and CSV data in Amazon S3. Add Spot instances to Amazon EMR jobs. Use Reserved Instances for Amazon Redshift. (Spot instances impacts performance)
b. Use reduced redundancy storage (RRS) for all data in S3. Use a combination of Spot instances and Reserved Instances for Amazon EMR jobs. Use Reserved instances for Amazon Redshift (Combination of the Spot and reserved with guarantee performance and help reduce cost. Also, RRS would reduce cost and guarantee data integrity, which is different from data durability )
c. Use reduced redundancy storage (RRS) for all data in Amazon S3. Add Spot Instances to Amazon EMR jobs. Use Reserved Instances for Amazon Redshift (Spot instances impacts performance)
d. Use reduced redundancy storage (RRS) for PDF and CSV data in S3. Add Spot Instances to EMR jobs. Use Spot Instances for Amazon Redshift. (Spot instances impacts performance)

28>
A research scientist is planning for the one-time launch of an Elastic MapReduce cluster and is encouraged by her manager to minimize the costs. The cluster is designed to ingest 200TB of genomics data with a total of 100 Amazon EC2 instances and is expected to run for around four hours. The resulting data set must be stored temporarily until archived into an Amazon RDS Oracle instance. Which option will help save the most money while meeting requirements? [PROFESSIONAL]

a. Store ingest and output files in Amazon S3. Deploy on-demand for the master and core nodes and spot for the task nodes.
b. Optimize by deploying a combination of on-demand, RI and spot-pricing models for the master, core and task nodes. Store ingest and output files in Amazon S3 with a lifecycle policy that archives them to Amazon Glacier. (Reserved Instance not cost effective for 4 hour job and data not needed in S3 once moved to RDS)
c. Store the ingest files in Amazon S3 RRS and store the output files in S3. Deploy Reserved Instances for the master and core nodes and on-demand for the task nodes. (Reserved Instance not cost effective)
e. Deploy on-demand master, core and task nodes and store ingest and output files in Amazon S3 RRS (RRS provides not much cost benefits for a 4 hour job while the amount of input data would take time to upload and Output data to reproduce)


29>
A company currently has a highly available web application running in production. The application’s web front-end utilizes an Elastic Load Balancer and Auto scaling across 3 availability zones. During peak load, your web servers operate at 90% utilization and leverage a combination of heavy utilization reserved instances for steady state load and on-demand and spot instances for peak load. You are asked with designing a cost effective architecture to allow the application to recover quickly in the event that an availability zone is unavailable during peak load. Which option provides the most cost effective high availability architectural design for this application? [PROFESSIONAL]
a. Increase auto scaling capacity and scaling thresholds to allow the web-front to cost-effectively scale across all availability zones to lower aggregate utilization levels that will allow an availability zone to fail during peak load without affecting the applications availability. (Ideal for HA to reduce and distribute load)
b. Continue to run your web front-end at 90% utilization, but purchase an appropriate number of utilization RIs in each availability zone to cover the loss of any of the other availability zones during peak load. (90% is not recommended as well RIs would increase the cost)
c. Continue to run your web front-end at 90% utilization, but leverage a high bid price strategy to cover the loss of any of the other availability zones during peak load. (90% is not recommended as high bid price would not guarantee instances and would increase cost)
d. Increase use of spot instances to cost effectively to scale the web front-end across all availability zones to lower aggregate utilization levels that will allow an availability zone to fail during peak load without affecting the applications availability. (Availability cannot be guaranteed)

30>
You run accounting software in the AWS cloud. This software needs to be online continuously during the day every day of the week, and has a very static requirement for compute resources. You also have other, unrelated batch jobs that need to run once per day at any time of your choosing. How should you minimize cost? [PROFESSIONAL]

a. Purchase a Heavy Utilization Reserved Instance to run the accounting software. Turn it off after hours. Run the batch jobs with the same instance class, so the Reserved Instance credits are also applied to the batch jobs. (Because the instance will always be online during the day, in a predictable manner, and there are sequences of batch jobs to perform at any time, we should run the batch jobs when the account software is off. We can achieve Heavy Utilization by alternating these times, so we should purchase the reservation as such, as this represents the lowest cost. There is no such thing a “Full” level utilization purchases on EC2.)
b. Purchase a Medium Utilization Reserved Instance to run the accounting software. Turn it off after hours. Run the batch jobs with the same instance class, so the Reserved Instance credits are also applied to the batch jobs.
c. Purchase a Light Utilization Reserved Instance to run the accounting software. Turn it off after hours. Run the batch jobs with the same instance class, so the Reserved Instance credits are also applied to the batch jobs.
d. Purchase a Full Utilization Reserved Instance to run the accounting software. Turn it off after hours. Run the batch jobs with the same instance class, so the Reserved Instance credits are also applied to the batch jobs.

31>
What does Amazon EC2 provide?
a. Virtual servers in the Cloud (CORRECT)
b. A platform to run code (Java, PHP, Python), paying on an hourly basis.
c. Computer Clusters in the Cloud.
d. Physical servers, remotely managed by the customer.


32>
A user has enabled termination protection on an EC2 instance. The user has also set Instance initiated shutdown behavior to terminate. When the user shuts down the instance from the OS, what will happen?
a. The OS will shutdown but the instance will not be terminated due to protection
b. It will terminate the instance
c. It will not allow the user to shutdown the instance from the OS
d. It is not possible to set the termination protection when an Instance initiated shutdown is set to Terminate

33>
A user has launched an EC2 instance and deployed a production application in it. The user wants to prohibit any mistakes from the production team to avoid accidental termination. How can the user achieve this?

a. The user can the set DisableApiTermination attribute to avoid accidental termination (CORRECT)
b. It is not possible to avoid accidental termination
c. The user can set the Deletion termination flag to avoid accidental termination
d. The user can set the InstanceInitiatedShutdownBehavior flag to avoid accidental termination

34>
You have been doing a lot of testing of your VPC Network by deliberately failing EC2 instances to test whether instances are failing over properly. Your customer who will be paying the AWS bill for all this asks you if he being charged for all these instances. You try to explain to him how the billing works on EC2 instances to the best of your knowledge. What would be an appropriate response to give to the customer in regards to this?

a. Billing commences when Amazon EC2 AMI instance is completely up and billing ends as soon as the instance starts to shutdown.
b. Billing commences when Amazon EC2 initiates the boot sequence of an AMI instance and billing ends when the instance shuts down. (CORRECT)
c. Billing only commences only after 1 hour of uptime and billing ends when the instance terminates.
d. Billing commences when Amazon EC2 initiates the boot sequence of an AMI instance and billing ends as soon as the instance starts to shutdown.


35>
How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the Amazon EC2 instance that it is running on?

a. Query the local instance metadata (CORRECT)
b. Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
c. Query the local instance userdata.
d. Use ipconfig or ifconfig command.

37>
The base URI for all requests for instance metadata is ___________
a. http://254.169.169.254/latest/metadata (CORRECT)
b. http://169.169.254.254/latest/
c. http://127.0.0.1/latest/
d. http://169.254.169.254/latest/

38>
Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud feature can you query from within the instance to access instance properties?
a. Instance user data
b. Resource tags
c. Instance metadata (CORRECT)
d. Amazon Machine Image

39>
You need to pass a custom script to new Amazon Linux instances created in your Auto Scaling group. Which feature allows you to accomplish this?
a. User data
b. EC2Config service
c. IAM roles
d. AWS Config

40>
By default, when an EBS volume is attached to a Windows instance, it may show up as any drive letter on the instance. You can change the settings of the _____ Service to set the drive letters of the EBS volumes per your specifications.

a. EBSConfig Service
b. AMIConfig Service
c. EC2Config Service
d. Ec2-AMIConfig Service

41> XXXX
How can software determine the public and private IP addresses of the Amazon EC2 instance that it is running on?
a. Query the appropriate Amazon CloudWatch metric.
b. Use ipconfig or ifconfig command.
c. Query the local instance userdata.
d. Query the local instance metadata. (CORRECT)

42>
What is a placement group?
a. A collection of Auto Scaling groups in the same Region
b. Feature that enables EC2 instances to interact with each other via high bandwidth, low latency connections (CORRECT)
c. A collection of Elastic Load Balancers in the same Region or Availability Zone
d. A collection of authorized Cloud Front edge locations for a distribution

43>
In order to optimize performance for a compute cluster that requires low inter-node latency, which feature in the following list should you use?
a. AWS Direct Connect
b. Placement Groups (CORRECT)
c. VPC private subnets
d. EC2 Dedicated Instances
e. Multiple Availability Zones

44>
What is required to achieve gigabit network throughput on EC2? You already selected cluster-compute, 10GB instances with enhanced networking, and your workload is already network-bound, but you are not seeing 10 gigabit speeds.
a. Enable biplex networking on your servers, so packets are non-blocking in both directions and there’s no switching overhead.
b. Ensure the instances are in different VPCs so you don’t saturate the Internet Gateway on any one VPC.
c. Select PIOPS for your drives and mount several, so you can provision sufficient disk throughput
d. Use a placement group for your instances so the instances are physically near each other in the same Availability Zone. (You are not guaranteed 10 gigabit performance, except within a placement group. Using placement groups enables applications to participate in a low-latency, 10 Gbps network)


45>XXXX
You need the absolute highest possible network performance for a cluster computing application. You already selected homogeneous instance types supporting 10 gigabit enhanced networking, made sure that your workload was network bound, and put the instances in a placement group. What is the last optimization you can make?

a. Use 9001 MTU instead of 1500 for Jumbo Frames, to raise packet body to packet overhead ratios. (For instances that are collocated inside a placement group, jumbo frames help to achieve the maximum network throughput possible, and they are recommended in this case)
b. Segregate the instances into different peered VPCs while keeping them all in a placement group, so each one has its own Internet Gateway.
c. Bake an AMI for the instances and relaunch, so the instances are fresh in the placement group and do not have noisy neighbors
d. Turn off SYN/ACK on your TCP stack or begin using UDP for higher throughput.

46>
When you view the block device mapping for your instance, you can see only the EBS volumes, not the instance store volumes.
a. Depends on the instance type
b. FALSE
c. Depends on whether you use API call
d. TRUE (CORRECT)

47>
Amazon EC2 provides a repository of public data sets that can be seamlessly integrated into AWS cloud-based applications. What is the monthly charge for using the public data sets?
a. A 1 time charge of 10$ for all the datasets.
b. 1$ per dataset per month
c. 10$ per month for all the datasets
d. There is no charge for using the public data sets (CORRECT)

48>
How many types of block devices does Amazon EC2 support?
a. 2 (instance store / block store ) (CORRECT)
b. 4
d. 3
e. 1

49>
Please select the most correct answer regarding the persistence of the Amazon Instance Store
a. The data on an instance store volume persists only during the life of the associated Amazon EC2 instance (CORRECT)
. The data on an instance store volume is lost when the security group rule of the associated instance is changed.
c. The data on an instance store volume persists even after associated Amazon EC2 instance is deleted


50>
A user has launched an EC2 instance from an instance store backed AMI. The user has attached an additional instance store volume to the instance. The user wants to create an AMI from the running instance. Will the AMI have the additional instance store volume data?
a. Yes, the block device mapping will have information about the additional instance store volume 
b. No, since the instance store backed AMI can have only the root volume bundled
c. It is not possible to attach an additional instance store volume to the existing instance store backed AMI instance
d. No, since this is ephemeral storage it will not be a part of the AMI


51>
When an EC2 instance that is backed by an S3-based AMI Is terminated, what happens to the data on the root volume?
a. Data is automatically saved as an EBS volume.
b. Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot.
c. Data is automatically deleted (CORRECT)
d. Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted.


52>
A user has launched an EC2 instance from an instance store backed AMI. If the user restarts the instance, what will happen to the ephemeral storage data?

a. All the data will be erased but the ephemeral storage will stay connected
b. All data will be erased and the ephemeral storage is released
c. It is not possible to restart an instance launched from an instance store backed AMI
d. The data is preserved

53>
When an EC2 EBS-backed instance is stopped, what happens to the data on any ephemeral store volumes?

a. Data will be deleted and will no longer be accessible (CORRECT)
b. Data is automatically saved in an EBS volume.
c. Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot
d. Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted

54>
A user has launched an EC2 Windows instance from an instance store backed AMI. The user has also set the Instance initiated shutdown behavior to stop. What will happen when the user shuts down the OS?

a. It will not allow the user to shutdown the OS when the shutdown behavior is set to Stop
b. It is not possible to set the termination behavior to Stop for an Instance store backed AMI instance (CORRECT) {CHECK}
c. The instance will stay running but the OS will be shutdown
d. The instance will be terminated

55>
Which of the following will occur when an EC2 instance in a VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) with an associated Elastic IP is stopped and started? (Choose 2 answers)

a. The Elastic IP will be dissociated from the instance
b. All data on instance-store devices will be lost (CORRECT)
c. All data on EBS (Elastic Block Store) devices will be lost
d. The ENI (Elastic Network Interface) is detached
e. The underlying host for the instance is changed (CORRECT)


56>
_____ is a durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single, running Amazon EC2 instance.
a. Amazon S3
b. Amazon EBS (CORRECT)
c. None of these
d. All of these

57>
Which Amazon storage do you think is the best for my database-style applications that frequently encounter many random reads and writes across the dataset?
a. None of these.
b. Amazon Instance Storage
c. Any of these
d. Amazon EBS (CORRECT)

58>
What does Amazon EBS stand for?
a. Elastic Block Storage
b. Elastic Business Server
c. Elastic Blade Server
d. Elastic Block Store (CORRECT)

59>
Which Amazon Storage behaves like raw, unformatted, external block devices that you can attach to your instances?

a. None of these.
b. Amazon Instance Storage
c. Amazon EBS (CORRECT)
d. All of these

60>
A user has created numerous EBS volumes. What is the general limit for each AWS account for the maximum number of EBS volumes that can be created?
a. 10000
b. 5000 (CORRECT) {CHECK}
c. 100
d. 1000

61>
Select the correct set of steps for exposing the snapshot only to specific AWS accounts
a. Select Public for all the accounts and check mark those accounts with whom you want to expose the snapshots and click save.
b. Select Private and enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and click Save. (CORRECT)
c. Select Public, enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and click Save.
d. Select Public, mark the IDs of those AWS accounts as private, and click Save.


62>
If an Amazon EBS volume is the root device of an instance, can I detach it without stopping the instance?
a.Yes but only if Windows instance
b. No (CORRECT)
c. Yes
d. Yes but only if a Linux instance

63>
Can we attach an EBS volume to more than one EC2 instance at the same time?
a. Yes
b. No (CORRECT)
d. Only EC2-optimized EBS volumes.
e. Only in read mode.

67>
Do the Amazon EBS volumes persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance?
a. Only if instructed to when created (CORRECT) {CHECK} <only if delete on termination flag is not set>
b. Yes
c. No

68>
Can I delete a snapshot of the root device of an EBS volume used by a registered AMI?
a. Only via API
b. Only via Console
c. Yes
d. No

69>
By default, EBS volumes that are created and attached to an instance at launch are deleted when that instance is terminated. You can modify this behavior by changing the value of the flag_____ to false when you launch the instance
a. DeleteOnTermination
b. RemoveOnDeletion
c. RemoveOnTermination
d. TerminateOnDeletion (CORRECT)

70>
Your company policies require encryption of sensitive data at rest. You are considering the possible options for protecting data while storing it at rest on an EBS data volume, attached to an EC2 instance. Which of these options would allow you to encrypt your data at rest? (Choose 3 answers)
a. Implement third party volume encryption tools (CORRECT)
b. Do nothing as EBS volumes are encrypted by default
c. Encrypt data inside your applications before storing it on EBS (CORRECT)
d. Encrypt data using native data encryption drivers at the file system level (CORRECT)
e. Implement SSL/TLS for all services running on the server

71>
Which of the following are true regarding encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes? Choose 2 answers
a. Supported on all Amazon EBS volume types (CORRECT)
b. Snapshots are automatically encrypted (CORRECT)
c. Available to all instance types 
d. Existing volumes can be encrypted
e. Shared volumes can be encrypted

72>
How can you secure data at rest on an EBS volume?
a. Encrypt the volume using the S3 server-side encryption service
b. Attach the volume to an instance using EC2’s SSL interface.
c. Create an IAM policy that restricts read and write access to the volume.
d. Write the data randomly instead of sequentially.
e.Use an encrypted file system on top of the EBS volume (CORRECT)

77> XXXX {CHECK}
A user has deployed an application on an EBS backed EC2 instance. For a better performance of application, it requires dedicated EC2 to EBS traffic. How can the user achieve this?
a. Launch the EC2 instance as EBS dedicated with PIOPS EBS
b. Launch the EC2 instance as EBS enhanced with PIOPS EBS
c. Launch the EC2 instance as EBS dedicated with PIOPS EBS
d. Launch the EC2 instance as EBS optimized with PIOPS EBS

78>
A user is trying to launch an EBS backed EC2 instance under free usage. The user wants to achieve encryption of the EBS volume. How can the user encrypt the data at rest?
a. Use AWS EBS encryption to encrypt the data at rest (Encryption is allowed on micro instances) (CORRECT)
b User cannot use EBS encryption and has to encrypt the data manually or using a third party tool (Encryption was not allowed on micro instances before)
c .The user has to select the encryption enabled flag while launching the EC2 instance
d. Encryption of volume is not available as a part of the free usage tier


77>
A user is planning to schedule a backup for an EBS volume. The user wants security of the snapshot data. How can the user achieve data encryption with a snapshot?

a. Use encrypted EBS volumes so that the snapshot will be encrypted by AWS (CORRECT)
b. While creating a snapshot select the snapshot with encryption 
c. By default the snapshot is encrypted by AWS
d. Enable server side encryption for the snapshot using S3


78>
A user has launched an EBS backed EC2 instance. The user has rebooted the instance. Which of the below mentioned statements is not true with respect to the reboot action?
a. The private and public address remains the same
b. The Elastic IP remains associated with the instance
c. The volume is preserved
d. The instance runs on a new host computer (CORRECT)

79>
A user has launched an EBS backed EC2 instance. What will be the difference while performing the restart or stop/start options on that instance?
a. For restart it does not charge for an extra hour, while every stop/start it will be charged as a separate hour (CORRECT)
b. Every restart is charged by AWS as a separate hour, while multiple start/stop actions during a single hour will be counted as a single hour
c. For every restart or start/stop it will be charged as a separate hour
d. For restart it charges extra only once, while for every stop/start it will be charged as a separate hour


80>
A user has launched an EBS backed instance. The user started the instance at 9 AM in the morning. Between 9 AM to 10 AM, the user is testing some script. Thus, he stopped the instance twice and restarted it. In the same hour the user rebooted the instance once. For how many instance hours will AWS charge the user?
a. 3 hours (CORRECT) - {2 hr for two stop/start and 1 hr functioning}
b. 4 hours
c. 2 hours
d. 1 hour

81>
You are running a database on an EC2 instance, with the data stored on Elastic Block Store (EBS) for persistence At times throughout the day, you are seeing large variance in the response times of the database queries Looking into the instance with the isolate command you see a lot of wait time on the disk volume that the database’s data is stored on. What two ways can you improve the performance of the database’s storage while maintaining the current persistence of the data? Choose 2 answers
a. Move to an SSD backed instance
b. Move the database to an EBS-Optimized Instance (CORRECT)
c. Use Provisioned IOPs EBS (CORRECT)
d. Use the ephemeral storage on an m2.4xLarge Instance Instead

82>
An organization wants to move to Cloud. They are looking for a secure encrypted database storage option. Which of the below mentioned AWS functionalities helps them to achieve this?
a. AWS MFA with EBS
b. AWS EBS encryption (CORRECT) Even RDS storage is encrypted by default
c. Multi-tier encryption with Redshift
d. AWS S3 server-side storage

83> 
A user has stored data on an encrypted EBS volume. The user wants to share the data with his friend’s AWS account. How can user achieve this?
a. Create an AMI from the volume and share the AMI
b. Copy the data to an unencrypted volume and then share (CORRECT)
c. Take a snapshot and share the snapshot with a friend
d. If both the accounts are using the same encryption key then the user can share the volume directly

84>
A user is using an EBS backed instance. Which of the below mentioned statements is true?
a. The user will be charged for volume and instance only when the instance is running
b. The user will be charged for the volume even if the instance is stopped
c. The user will be charged only for the instance running cost
d. The user will not be charged for the volume if the instance is stopped

85>
A user is planning to use EBS for his DB requirement. The user already has an EC2 instance running in the VPC private subnet. How can the user attach the EBS volume to a running instance?

a. The user must create EBS within the same VPC and then attach it to a running instance.
b. The user can create EBS in the same zone as the subnet of instance and attach that EBS to instance. (Should be in the same AZ) (CORRECT)
c. It is not possible to attach an EBS to an instance running in VPC until the instance is stopped.
d. The user can specify the same subnet while creating EBS and then attach it to a running instance.


86>
A user is creating an EBS volume. He asks for your advice. Which advice mentioned below should you not give to the user for creating an EBS volume?
a. Take the snapshot of the volume when the instance is stopped
b. Stripe multiple volumes attached to the same instance
c. Create an AMI from the attached volume (AMI is created from the snapshot) (CORRECT)
d. Attach multiple volumes to the same instance

87>
An EC2 instance has one additional EBS volume attached to it. How can a user attach the same volume to another running instance in the same AZ?
a. Terminate the first instance and only then attach to the new instance
b. Attach the volume as read only to the second instance
c. Detach the volume first and attach to new instance (CORRECT)
d. No need to detach. Just select the volume and attach it to the new instance, it will take care of mapping internally

88>
What is the scope of an EBS volume?
a. VPC
b. Region
c. Placement Group
d. Availability Zone


89>
You are designing an enterprise data storage system. Your data management software system requires mountable disks and a real filesystem, so you cannot use S3 for storage. You need persistence, so you will be using AWS EBS Volumes for your system. The system needs as low-cost storage as possible, and access is not frequent or high throughput, and is mostly sequential reads. Which is the most appropriate EBS Volume Type for this scenario?
a. gp1
b. io1
c. standard  (CORRECT)
d. gp2

90>
Which EBS volume type is best for high performance NoSQL cluster deployments?
a. io1 (CORRECT)
b. gp1
c. standard
d. gp2

91>
Provisioned IOPS Costs: you are charged for the IOPS and storage whether or not you use them in a given month.
a. FALSE 
b. TRUE (CORRECT)

99>
A user is trying to create a PIOPS EBS volume with 8 GB size and 200 IOPS. Will AWS create the volume?
a. Yes, since the ratio between EBS and IOPS is less than 30
b. No, since the PIOPS and EBS size ratio is less than 30
d. No, the EBS size is less than 10 GB
e. Yes, since PIOPS is higher than 100

100>
A user has provisioned 2000 IOPS to the EBS volume. The application hosted on that EBS is experiencing less IOPS than provisioned. Which of the below mentioned options does not affect the IOPS of the volume?
a. The application does not have enough IO for the volume
b. Instance is EBS optimized  
c. The EC2 instance has 10 Gigabit Network connectivity
d. Volume size is too large (CORRECT)

101>
A user is trying to create a PIOPS EBS volume with 4000 IOPS and 100 GB size. AWS does not allow the user to create this volume. What is the possible root cause for this?
a. The ratio between IOPS and the EBS volume is higher than 30
b. The maximum IOPS supported by EBS is 3000
c. The ratio between IOPS and the EBS volume is lower than 50
d. PIOPS is supported for EBS higher than 500 GB size

102
An existing application stores sensitive information on a non-boot Amazon EBS data volume attached to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instance. Which of the following approaches would protect the sensitive data on an Amazon EBS volume?

a. Upload your customer keys to AWS CloudHSM. Associate the Amazon EBS volume with AWS CloudHSM. Remount the Amazon EBS volume.
b. Create and mount a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Move the data to the new volume. Delete the old Amazon EBS volume. (CORRECT)
c. Unmount the EBS volume. Toggle the encryption attribute to True. Re-mount the Amazon EBS volume.
d. Snapshot the current Amazon EBS volume. Restore the snapshot to a new, encrypted Amazon EBS volume. Mount the Amazon EBS volume (Need to create a snapshot, create an encrypted copy of snapshot and then create a EBS volume and mount it)


103>
Is it possible to access your EBS snapshots?
a. Yes, through the Amazon S3 APIs.
b. Yes, through the Amazon EC2 APIs (CORRECT)
c. No, EBS snapshots cannot be accessed; they can only be used to create a new EBS volume.
d. EBS doesn’t provide snapshots.


104>
Which of the following approaches provides the lowest cost for Amazon Elastic Block Store snapshots while giving you the ability to fully restore data?
a. Maintain two snapshots: the original snapshot and the latest incremental snapshot (CORRECT)
b. Maintain a volume snapshot; subsequent snapshots will overwrite one another
c. Maintain a single snapshot the latest snapshot is both Incremental and complete
d. Maintain the most current snapshot, archive the original and incremental to Amazon Glacier.

105>
Which procedure for backing up a relational database on EC2 that is using a set of RAIDed EBS volumes for storage minimizes the time during which the database cannot be written to and results in a consistent backup?
a. Detach EBS volumes, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Re-attach EBS volumes
b. Stop the EC2 Instance. 2. Snapshot the EBS volumes
c. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Create an image of the EC2 Instance, 3. Resume disk I/O
d. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Resume disk I/O
e. Suspend disk I/O, 2. Start EBS snapshot of volumes, 3. Wait for snapshots to complete, 4. Resume disk I/O


106>
How can an EBS volume that is currently attached to an EC2 instance be migrated from one Availability Zone to another?
a. Detach the volume and attach it to another EC2 instance in the other AZ.
b. Simply create a new volume in the other AZ and specify the original volume as the source.
c. Create a snapshot of the volume, and create a new volume from the snapshot in the other AZ (CORRECT)
d. Detach the volume, then use the ec2-migrate-volume command to move it to another AZ.


107>
How are the EBS snapshots saved on Amazon S3?
a. Exponentially
b. Incrementally (CORRECT)
c. EBS snapshots are not stored in the Amazon S3
d. Decrementally

108>
EBS Snapshots occur _____
a. Asynchronously
b. Synchronously
c. Weekly

109>
What will be the status of the snapshot until the snapshot is complete?
a. Running
b. Working
c. Progressing
d. Pending (CORRECT)

110>
Before I delete an EBS volume, what can I do if I want to recreate the volume later?
a. Create a copy of the EBS volume (not a snapshot)
b. Create and Store a snapshot of the volume (CORRECT)
c. Download the content to an EC2 instance
d. Back up the data in to a physical disk

111>
Which of the following are true regarding encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) volumes? Choose 2 answers
a. Supported on all Amazon EBS volume types  (CORRECT)
b. Snapshots are automatically encrypted (CORRECT)
c. Available to all instance types
d. Existing volumes can be encrypted
e. Shared volumes can be encrypted

112>
Amazon EBS snapshots have which of the following two characteristics? (Choose 2.) Choose 2 answers
a. EBS snapshots only save incremental changes from snapshot to snapshot (CORRECT)
b. EBS snapshots can be created in real-time without stopping an EC2 instance (the snapshot can be taken real time however it will not be consistent and the recommended way is to stop or freeze the IO)(CORRECT)
c. EBS snapshots can only be restored to an EBS volume of the same size or smaller (EBS volume restored from snapshots need to be of the same size of larger size)
d. EBS snapshots can only be restored and mounted to an instance in the same 
Availability Zone as the original EBS volume (Snapshots are specific to Region and can be used to create a volume in any AZ and does not depend on the original EBS volume AZ)


113>
A user is planning to schedule a backup for an EBS volume. The user wants security of the snapshot data. How can the user achieve data encryption with a snapshot?
a. Use encrypted EBS volumes so that the snapshot will be encrypted by AWS (Refer link)
b. While creating a snapshot select the snapshot with encryption
c. By default the snapshot is encrypted by AWS
d. Enable server side encryption for the snapshot using S3


114>
A sys admin is trying to understand EBS snapshots. Which of the below mentioned statements will not be useful to the admin to understand the concepts about a snapshot?
a. Snapshot is synchronous (CORRECT)
b. It is recommended to stop the instance before taking a snapshot for consistent data
c. Snapshot is incremental
d. Snapshot captures the data that has been written to the hard disk when the snapshot command was executed

115>
When creation of an EBS snapshot is initiated but not completed, the EBS volume
a. Cannot be detached or attached to an EC2 instance until me snapshot completes
b. Can be used in read-only mode while me snapshot is in progress
c. Can be used while the snapshot is in progress (CORRECT)
d. Cannot be used until the snapshot completes

116>
You have a server with a 5O0GB Amazon EBS data volume. The volume is 80% full. You need to back up the volume at regular intervals and be able to re-create the volume in a new Availability Zone in the shortest time possible. All applications using the volume can be paused for a period of a few minutes with no discernible user impact. Which of the following backup methods will best fulfill your requirements?
a. Take periodic snapshots of the EBS volume (CORRECT)
b. Use a third-party Incremental backup application to back up to Amazon Glacier
c. Periodically back up all data to a single compressed archive and archive to d. Amazon S3 using a parallelized multi-part upload
d. Create another EBS volume in the second Availability Zone attach it to the Amazon EC2 instance, and use a disk manager to mirror me two disks


117>
A user is creating a snapshot of an EBS volume. Which of the below statements is incorrect in relation to the creation of an EBS snapshot?
a. Its incremental
b. It can be used to launch a new instance
c. It is stored in the same AZ as the volume (stored in the same region)
d. It is a point in time backup of the EBS volume

118>
A user has created a snapshot of an EBS volume. Which of the below mentioned usage cases is not possible with respect to a snapshot?
a. Mirroring the volume from one AZ to another AZ
b. Launch an instance
c. Decrease the volume size (CORRECT)
d. Increase the size of the volume

119>
What is true of the way that encryption works with EBS?
a. Snapshotting an encrypted volume makes an encrypted snapshot; restoring an encrypted snapshot creates an encrypted volume when specified / requested.
b. Snapshotting an encrypted volume makes an encrypted snapshot when specified / requested; restoring an encrypted snapshot creates an encrypted volume when specified / requested.
c. Snapshotting an encrypted volume makes an encrypted snapshot; restoring an encrypted snapshot always creates an encrypted volume. (CORRECT)
d. Snapshotting an encrypted volume makes an encrypted snapshot when specified / requested; restoring an encrypted snapshot always creates an encrypted volume.


120>
Why are more frequent snapshots of EBS Volumes faster?
a. Blocks in EBS Volumes are allocated lazily, since while logically separated from other EBS Volumes, Volumes often share the same physical hardware. Snapshotting the first time forces full block range allocation, so the second snapshot doesn’t need to perform the allocation phase and is faster.
b. The snapshots are incremental so that only the blocks on the device that have changed after your last snapshot are saved in the new snapshot. (CORRECT)
c. AWS provisions more disk throughput for burst capacity during snapshots if the drive has been pre-warmed by snapshotting and reading all blocks.
d. The drive is pre-warmed, so block access is more rapid for volumes when every block on the device has already been read at least one time.


121>
Which is not a restriction on AWS EBS Snapshots?
a. Snapshots which are shared cannot be used as a basis for other snapshots (Snapshots shared with other users are usable in full by the recipient, including but limited to the ability to base modified volumes and snapshots)
b. You cannot share a snapshot containing an AWS Access Key ID or AWS Secret Access Key
c. You cannot share encrypted snapshots (NOTE: this has be updated partially where you can share a encrypted snapshot with other accounts)
d. Snapshot restorations are restricted to the region in which the snapshots are created (CORRECT)

122>
There is a very serious outage at AWS. EC2 is not affected, but your EC2 instance deployment scripts stopped working in the region with the outage. What might be the issue?
The AWS Console is down, so your CLI commands do not work.
S3 is unavailable, so you can’t create EBS volumes from a snapshot you use to deploy new volumes. (EBS volume snapshots are stored in S3. If S3 is unavailable, snapshots are unavailable)
AWS turns off the <code>DeployCode</code> API call when there are major outages, to protect from system floods. 
None of the other answers make sense. If EC2 is not affected, it must be some other issue.

123>
A user is trying to pre-warm a blank EBS volume attached to a Linux instance. Which of the below mentioned steps should be performed by the user?
a. There is no need to pre-warm an EBS volume (with latest update no pre-warming is needed)
b. Contact AWS support to pre-warm (This used to be the case before, but pre warming is not necessary now)
c. Unmount the volume before pre-warming
d. Format the device

124>
A user has created an EBS volume of 10 GB and attached it to a running instance. The user is trying to access EBS for first time. Which of the below mentioned options is the correct statement with respect to a first time EBS access?
a. The volume will show a size of 8 GB
b. The volume will show a loss of the IOPS performance the first time (the volume needed to be wiped cleaned before for new volumes, however pre warming is not needed any more)
c. The volume will be blank
d. If the EBS is mounted it will ask the user to create a file system

125>
You are running a database on an EC2 instance, with the data stored on Elastic Block Store (EBS) for persistence At times throughout the day, you are seeing large variance in the response times of the database queries Looking into the instance with the isolate command you see a lot of wait time on the disk volume that the database’s data is stored on. What two ways can you improve the performance of the database’s storage while maintaining the current persistence of the data? Choose 2 answers
a. Move to an SSD backed instance
b. Move the database to an EBS-Optimized Instance
c. Use Provisioned IOPs EBS
d. Use the ephemeral storage on an m2.4xLarge Instance Instead

126>
You have launched an EC2 instance with four (4) 500 GB EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes attached. The EC2 Instance is EBS-Optimized and supports 500 Mbps throughput between EC2 and EBS. The two EBS volumes are configured as a single RAID 0 device, and each Provisioned IOPS volume is provisioned with 4,000 IOPS (4000 16KB reads or writes) for a total of 16,000 random IOPS on the instance. The EC2 Instance initially delivers the expected 16,000 IOPS random read and write performance. Sometime later in order to increase the total random I/O performance of the instance, you add an additional two 500 GB EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes to the RAID. Each volume is provisioned to 4,000 IOPS like the original four for a total of 24,000 IOPS on the EC2 instance Monitoring shows that the EC2 instance CPU utilization increased from 50% to 70%, but the total random IOPS measured at the instance level does not increase at all. What is the problem and a valid solution?
Larger storage volumes support higher Provisioned IOPS rates: increase the provisioned volume storage of each of the 6 EBS volumes to 1TB.
EBS-Optimized throughput limits the total IOPS that can be utilized use an EBS-Optimized instance that provides larger throughput. (EC2 Instance types have limit on max throughput and would require larger instance types to provide 24000 IOPS)
Small block sizes cause performance degradation, limiting the I’O throughput, configure the instance device driver and file system to use 64KB blocks to increase throughput.
RAID 0 only scales linearly to about 4 devices, use RAID 0 with 4 EBS Provisioned IOPS volumes but increase each Provisioned IOPS EBS volume to 6.000 IOPS.
The standard EBS instance root volume limits the total IOPS rate, change the instant root volume to also be a 500GB 4,000 Provisioned IOPS volume
A user has deployed an application on an EBS backed EC2 instance. For a better performance of application, it requires dedicated EC2 to EBS traffic. How can the user achieve this?
Launch the EC2 instance as EBS provisioned with PIOPS EBS
Launch the EC2 instance as EBS enhanced with PIOPS EBS
Launch the EC2 instance as EBS dedicated with PIOPS EBS
Launch the EC2 instance as EBS optimized with PIOPS EBS



127>
A user is launching an EC2 instance in the US East region. Which of the below mentioned options is recommended by AWS with respect to the selection of the availability zone?
a. Always select the US-East-1-a zone for HA
b. Do not select the AZ; instead let AWS select the AZ (CORRECT)
c. The user can never select the availability zone while launching an instance
d. Always select the AZ while launching an instance

128>
You have multiple Amazon EC2 instances running in a cluster across multiple Availability Zones within the same region. What combination of the following should be used to ensure the highest network performance (packets per second), lowest latency, and lowest jitter? Choose 3 answers
a. Amazon EC2 placement groups (would not work for multiple AZs)
b. Enhanced networking (provides network performance, lowest latency) (CORRECT)
c. Amazon PV AMI (Needs HVM)
d. Amazon HVM AMI
e. Amazon Linux (Can work on other flavors of Unix as well)
f. Amazon VPC (Enhanced networking works only in VPC) (CORRECT)

129>
Regarding the attaching of ENI to an instance, what does ‘warm attach’ refer to?
a. Attaching an ENI to an instance when it is stopped (CORRECT)
b. Attaching an ENI to an instance when it is running
c. Attaching an ENI to an instance during the launch process

130>
Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running or stopped?
a. Yes, You can.
b. You cannot (CORRECT)
c. Depends on the state of the interface at the time

131>
By default what are ENIs that are automatically created (root volume)and attached to instances using the EC2 console set to do when the attached instance terminates?
a. Remain as is
b. Terminate (CORRECT)
c. Hibernate
d. Pause

132>
Select the incorrect statement
a. In Amazon EC2, the private IP addresses only returned to Amazon EC2 when the instance is stopped or terminated
b. In Amazon VPC, an instance retains its private IP addresses when the instance is stopped.
c. In Amazon VPC, an instance does NOT retain its private IP addresses when the instance is stopped
d. In Amazon EC2, the private IP address is associated exclusively with the instance for its lifetime

133>
To ensure failover capabilities, consider using a _____ for incoming traffic on a network interface”.

primary public IP
secondary private IP
secondary public IP
add on secondary IP

134>
Which statements are true about Elastic Network Interface (ENI)? (Choose 2 answers)
a. You can attach an ENI in one AZ to an instance in another AZ
b. You can change the security group membership of an ENI (CORRECT)
c. You can attach an instance to two different subnets within a VPC by using two ENIs (CORRECT)
d. You can attach an ENI in one VPC to an instance in another VPC


135>
A user is planning to host a web server as well as an app server on a single EC2 instance, which is a part of the public subnet of a VPC. How can the user setup to have two separate public IPs and separate security groups for both the application as well as the web server?
a. Launch a VPC instance with two network interfaces. Assign a separate security group to each and AWS will assign a separate public IP to them. (AWS cannot assign public IPs for instance with multiple ENIs)
b. Launch VPC with two separate subnets and make the instance a part of both the subnets. (CORRECT) - {eth1 can't be assign to have public IP Need to be assinged to elastic ip ONLY. }
c. Launch a VPC instance with two network interfaces. Assign a separate security group and elastic IP to them.
d. Launch a VPC with ELB such that it redirects requests to separate VPC instances of the public subnet.


136>
An organization has created multiple components of a single application for compartmentalization. Currently all the components are hosted on a single EC2 instance. Due to security reasons the organization wants to implement two separate SSLs for the separate modules although it is already using VPC. How can the organization achieve this with a single instance?

a. Create a VPC instance, which will have both the ACL and the security group attached to it and have separate rules for each IP address.
b. Create a VPC instance, which will have multiple network interfaces with multiple elastic IP addresses.
c. You have to launch two instances each in a separate subnet and allow VPC peering for a single IP.
d. Create a VPC instance, which will have multiple subnets attached to it and each will have a separate IP address.


Your system automatically provisions EIPs to EC2 instances in a VPC on boot. The system provisions the whole VPC and stack at once. You have two of them per VPC. On your new AWS account, your attempt to create a Development environment failed, after successfully creating Staging and Production environments in the same region. What happened?
a. You didn’t choose the Development version of the AMI you are using.
b. You didn’t set the Development flag to true when deploying EC2 instances.
c. You hit the soft limit of 5 EIPs per region and requested a 6th. (There is a soft limit of 5 EIPs per Region for VPC on new accounts. The third environment  could not allocate the 6th EIP) (CORRECT)
d. You hit the soft limit of 2 VPCs per region and requested a 3rd.



A user has created a VPC with a public subnet. The user has terminated all the instances, which are part of the subnet. Which of the below mentioned statements is true with respect to this scenario?
a. The user cannot delete the VPC since the subnet is not deleted
b. All network interface attached with the instances will be deleted (CORRECT)
c. When the user launches a new instance it cannot use the same subnet
d. The subnet to which the instances were launched with will be deleted


