RDS Questions 
1>
What does Amazon RDS stand for?

a. Regional Data Server.
b. Relational Database Service (CORRECT)
c. Regional Database Service.

2>
How many relational database engines does RDS currently support?

a. MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server
b. Just two: MySQL and Oracle.
c. Five: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra and SQLite.
d. Just one: MySQL.

3>
If I modify a DB Instance or the DB parameter group associated with the instance, should I reboot the instance for the changes to take effect?

a. No
b. Yes (CORRECT)

4>
What is the name of licensing model in which I can use your existing Oracle Database licenses to run Oracle deployments on Amazon RDS?

a. Bring Your Own License (BYOL) (CORRECT)
b. Role Bases License
c. Enterprise License
d. License Included

5>
Will I be charged if the DB instance is idle?

a. No
b. Yes (YES)
c. Only is running in GovCloud
d. Only if running in VPC

6>
What is the minimum charge for the data transferred between Amazon RDS and Amazon EC2 Instances in the same Availability Zone?

a. USD 0.10 per GB
b. No charge. It is free. (CORRECT)
c. USD 0.02 per GB
d. USD 0.01 per GB

7>
Does Amazon RDS allow direct host access via Telnet, Secure Shell (SSH), or Windows Remote Desktop Connection?

a. Yes
b. No (CORRECT)
c. Depends on if it is in VPC or not

8>
What are the two types of licensing options available for using Amazon RDS for Oracle?

a. BYOL and Enterprise License
c. BYOL and License Included (CORRECT)
d. Enterprise License and License Included
e. Role based License and License Included

9>
A user plans to use RDS as a managed DB platform. Which of the below mentioned features is not supported by RDS?

a. Automated backup
c. Automated scaling to manage a higher load
d. Automated failure detection and recovery
e. Automated software patching

10>
A user is launching an AWS RDS with MySQL. Which of the below mentioned options allows the user to configure the InnoDB engine parameters?

a. Options group
b. Engine parameters
c. Parameter groups
d. DB parameters

11>
A user is planning to use the AWS RDS with MySQL. Which of the below mentioned services the user is not going to pay?

a. Data transfer
b. RDS CloudWatch metrics (CORRECT)
c. Data storage
d. I/O requests per month

12>
You are running a successful multi-tier web application on AWS and your marketing department has asked you to add a reporting tier to the application. The reporting tier will aggregate and publish status reports every 30 minutes from user-generated information that is being stored in your web applications database. You are currently running a Multi-AZ RDS MySQL instance for the database tier. You also have implemented ElastiCache as a database caching layer between the application tier and database tier. Please select the answer that will allow you to successfully implement the reporting tier with as little impact as possible to your database.

a. Continually send transaction logs from your master database to an S3 bucket and generate the reports off the S3 bucket using S3 byte range requests.

b. Generate the reports by querying the synchronously replicated standby RDS MySQL instance maintained through Multi-AZ (Standby instance cannot be used as a scaling solution)

c. Launch a RDS Read Replica connected to your Multi-AZ master database and generate reports by querying the Read Replica.

d. Generate the reports by querying the ElastiCache database caching tier. (ElasticCache does not maintain full data and is simply a caching solution)

13>
A company is deploying a new two-tier web application in AWS. The company has limited staff and requires high availability, and the application requires complex queries and table joins. Which configuration provides the solution for the company’s requirements?

a. MySQL Installed on two Amazon EC2 Instances in a single Availability Zone (does not provide High Availaility out of the box)
b. Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ (CORRECT)
c. Amazon ElastiCache (Just a caching solution)
d. Amazon DynamoDB (Not suitable for complex queries and joins)

14>
Your company is getting ready to do a major public announcement of a social media site on AWS. The website is running on EC2 instances deployed across multiple Availability Zones with a Multi-AZ RDS MySQL Extra Large DB Instance. The site performs a high number of small reads and writes per second and relies on an eventual consistency model. After comprehensive tests you discover that there is read contention on RDS MySQL. Which are the best approaches to meet these requirements? (Choose 2 answers)

a. Deploy ElastiCache in-memory cache running in each availability zone
b. Implement sharding to distribute load to multiple RDS MySQL instances (this is only a read contention, the writes work fine)
c. Increase the RDS MySQL Instance size and Implement provisioned IOPS (not scalable, this is only a read contention, the writes work fine)
d. Add an RDS MySQL read replica in each availability zone

15>
Your company has HQ in Tokyo and branch offices all over the world and is using logistics software with a multi-regional deployment on AWS in Japan, Europe and US. The logistic software has a 3-tier architecture and currently uses MySQL 5.6 for data persistence. Each region has deployed its own database. In the HQ region you run an hourly batch process reading data from every region to compute cross-regional reports that are sent by email to all offices this batch process must be completed as fast as possible to quickly optimize logistics. How do you build the database architecture in order to meet the requirements?

a. For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and a read replica in the HQ region (CORRECT)

b. For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and send hourly EBS snapshots to the HQ region

c. For each regional deployment, use RDS MySQL with a master in the region and send hourly RDS snapshots to the HQ region

d. For each regional deployment, use MySQL on EC2 with a master in the region and use S3 to copy data files hourly to the HQ region

e. Use Direct Connect to connect all regional MySQL deployments to the HQ region and reduce network latency for the batch process

16>
What would happen to an RDS (Relational Database Service) multi-Availability Zone deployment if the primary DB instance fails?
a. IP of the primary DB Instance is switched to the standby DB Instance.
b. A new DB instance is created in the standby availability zone.
c. The canonical name record (CNAME) is changed from primary to standby. (CORRECT)
d. The RDS (Relational Database Service) DB instance reboots.

17>
Your business is building a new application that will store its entire customer database on a RDS MySQL database, and will have various applications and users that will query that data for different purposes. Large analytics jobs on the database are likely to cause other applications to not be able to get the query results they need to, before time out. Also, as your data grows, these analytics jobs will start to take more time, increasing the negative effect on the other applications. How do you solve the contention issues between these different workloads on the same data?

a. Enable Multi-AZ mode on the RDS instance
b. Use ElastiCache to offload the analytics job data
c. Create RDS Read-Replicas for the analytics work (CORRECT)
d. Run the RDS instance on the largest size possible

18>
Will my standby RDS instance be in the same Availability Zone as my primary?
a.Only for Oracle RDS types
b. Yes
c. Only if configured at launch
d. No (CORRECT)

19>
Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?
a. Only in certain regions
b. Only with MySQL based RDS (CORRECT) - upto 4 read replicas layer can be created 
c. Only for Oracle RDS types
d. No

20>
A user is planning to set up the Multi-AZ feature of RDS. Which of the below mentioned conditions won’t take advantage of the Multi-AZ feature?

a. Availability zone outage
b. A manual failover of the DB instance using Reboot with failover option
c. Region outage (CORRECT)
d. When the user changes the DB instance’s server type

21>
When you run a DB Instance as a Multi-AZ deployment, the “_____” serves database writes and reads
a. secondary
b. backup
c. stand by
d. primary (CORRECT)

22>
When running my DB Instance as a Multi-AZ deployment, can I use the standby for read or write operations?
a. Yes
b. Only with MSSQL based RDS
c. Only for Oracle RDS instances
d. No (CORRECT)

23>
Read Replicas require a transactional storage engine and are only supported for the _________ storage engine
a. OracleISAM
b. MSSQLDB
c. InnoDB (CORRECT)
d. MyISAM

24>
A user is configuring the Multi-AZ feature of an RDS DB. The user came to know that this RDS DB does not use the AWS technology, but uses server mirroring to achieve replication. Which DB is the user using right now?

a. MySQL
b. Oracle
c. MS SQL (CORRECT) [important point]
d. PostgreSQL

25>
If I have multiple Read Replicas for my master DB Instance and I promote one of them, what happens to the rest of the Read Replicas?

a. The remaining Read Replicas will still replicate from the older master DB Instance  (CORRECT)
b. The remaining Read Replicas will be deleted
c. The remaining Read Replicas will be combined to one read replica

26>
If you have chosen Multi-AZ deployment, in the event of a planned or unplanned outage of your primary DB Instance, Amazon RDS automatically switches to the standby replica. The automatic failover mechanism simply changes the ______ record of the main DB Instance to point to the standby DB Instance.
a. DNAME
b. CNAME (CORRECT)
c. TXT
d. MX

27>
When automatic failover occurs, Amazon RDS will emit a DB Instance event to inform you that automatic failover occurred. You can use the _____ to return information about events related to your DB Instance

a. FetchFailure
b. DescriveFailure
c. DescribeEvents (CORRECT)
d. FetchEvents

28>
The new DB Instance that is created when you promote a Read Replica retains the backup window period.
a. TRUE (CORRECT)
b. FALSE

29>
Will I be alerted when automatic failover occurs?

a. Only if SNS configured (CORRECT)
b. No
c. Yes
d. Only if Cloudwatch configured

30>
Can I initiate a “forced failover” for my MySQL Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?
a. Only in certain regions
b. Only in VPC
c. Yes (CORRECT)
d. No

31>
A user is accessing RDS from an application. The user has enabled the Multi-AZ feature with the MS SQL RDS DB. During a planned outage how will AWS ensure that a switch from DB to a standby replica will not affect access to the application?

a. RDS will have an internal IP which will redirect all requests to the new DB
b. RDS uses DNS to switch over to standby replica for seamless transition
c. The switch over changes Hardware so RDS does not need to worry about access
d. RDS will have both the DBs running independently and the user has to manually switch over

32>
Which of the following is part of the failover process for a Multi-AZ Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) instance?

a. The failed RDS DB instance reboots.
b. The IP of the primary DB instance is switched to the standby DB instance.
c. The DNS record for the RDS endpoint is changed from primary to standby. (CORRECT)
d. A new DB instance is created in the standby availability zone.

33>
Which of these is not a reason a Multi-AZ RDS instance will failover?
a. An Availability Zone outage
b. A manual failover of the DB instance was initiated using Reboot with failover
c. To autoscale to a higher instance class (Refer link) 
d. Master database corruption occurs (CORRECT)
e. The primary DB instance fails


34>
You need to scale an RDS deployment. You are operating at 10% writes and 90% reads, based on your logging. How best can you scale this in a simple way?

a. Create a second master RDS instance and peer the RDS groups.
b. Cache all the database responses on the read side with CloudFront.
c. Create read replicas for RDS since the load is mostly reads. (CORRECT)
d. Create a Multi-AZ RDS installs and route read traffic to standby.

35>
How does Amazon RDS multi Availability Zone model work?

a. A second, standby database is deployed and maintained in a different availability zone from master, using synchronous replication. (Refer link)
b. A second, standby database is deployed and maintained in a different availability zone from master using asynchronous replication.
c. A second, standby database is deployed and maintained in a different region from master using asynchronous replication.
d. A second, standby database is deployed and maintained in a different region from master using synchronous replication.

36>
A customer is running an application in US-West (Northern California) region and wants to setup disaster recovery failover to the Asian Pacific (Singapore) region. The customer is interested in achieving a low Recovery Point Objective (RPO) for an Amazon RDS multi-AZ MySQL database instance. Which approach is best suited to this need?

a. Synchronous replication
b. Asynchronous replication (CORRECT)
c. Route53 health checks
d. Copying of RDS incremental snapshots

37>
A user is using a small MySQL RDS DB. The user is experiencing high latency due to the Multi AZ feature. Which of the below mentioned options may not help the user in this situation?
a. Schedule the automated back up in non-working hours
b. Use a large or higher size instance
c. Use PIOPS
d. Take a snapshot from standby Replica (CORRECT)

38>
Are Reserved Instances available for Multi-AZ Deployments?
a. Only for Cluster Compute instances
b. Yes for all instance types
c. Only for M3 instance types


39>
My Read Replica appears “stuck” after a Multi-AZ failover and is unable to obtain or apply updates from the source DB Instance. What do I do?
a. You will need to delete the Read Replica and create a new one to replace it. (CORRECT)
b. You will need to disassociate the DB Engine and re associate it.
c. The instance should be deployed to Single AZ and then moved to Multi- AZ once again
d. You will need to delete the DB Instance and create a new one to replace it.

40>
What is the charge for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your primary and standby?

a. No charge. It is free. (CORRECT)
c. Double the standard data transfer charge
d. Same as the standard data transfer charge
e. Half of the standard data transfer charge

41>
A user has enabled the Multi AZ feature with the MS SQL RDS database server. Which of the below mentioned statements will help the user understand the Multi AZ feature better?
a. In a Multi AZ, AWS runs two DBs in parallel and copies the data asynchronously to the replica copy
b. In a Multi AZ, AWS runs two DBs in parallel and copies the data synchronously to the replica copy (CORRECT)
c. In a Multi AZ, AWS runs just one DB but copies the data synchronously to the standby replica
d. AWS MS SQL does not support the Multi AZ feature

42>
A company is running a batch analysis every hour on their main transactional DB running on an RDS MySQL instance to populate their central Data Warehouse running on Redshift. During the execution of the batch their transactional applications are very slow. When the batch completes they need to update the top management dashboard with the new data. The dashboard is produced by another system running on-premises that is currently started when a manually-sent email notifies that an update is required The on-premises system cannot be modified because is managed by another team. How would you optimize this scenario to solve performance issues and automate the process as much as possible?

a. Replace RDS with Redshift for the batch analysis and SNS to notify the on-premises system to update the dashboard
b. Replace RDS with Redshift for the batch analysis and SQS to send a message to the on-premises system to update the dashboard
c. Create an RDS Read Replica for the batch analysis and SNS to notify me on-premises system to update the dashboard (CORRECT)
d. Create an RDS Read Replica for the batch analysis and SQS to send a message to the on-premises system to update the dashboard.

43>
When should I choose Provisioned IOPS over Standard RDS storage?
a. If you have batch-oriented workloads
b. If you use production online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads (CORRECT)
c. If you have workloads that are not sensitive to consistent performance

44>
Is decreasing the storage size of a DB Instance permitted?
a. Depends on the RDMS used
b. Yes
c. No (CORRECT)

45>
Because of the extensibility limitations of striped storage attached to Windows Server, Amazon RDS does not currently support increasing storage on a _____ DB Instance.
a. SQL Server (CORRECT) MS SQL Server
c. MySQL
d. Oracle

46>
If I want to run a database in an Amazon instance, which is the most recommended Amazon storage option?

a. Amazon Instance Storage
b. Amazon EBS (CORRECT)
c. You can’t run a database inside an Amazon instance.
d. Amazon S3

47>
For each DB Instance class, what is the maximum size of associated storage capacity?
a. 1TiB
b. 2TiB
c. 8TiB
d. 16TiB (The limit keeps on changing so please check the latest always)

48>
Amazon RDS automated backups and DB Snapshots are currently supported for only the __________ storage engine
a. InnoDB (CORRECT)
b. MyISAM

49>
Automated backups are enabled by default for a new DB Instance.
a. TRUE (CORRECT)
c. FALSE

50>
Amazon RDS DB snapshots and automated backups are stored in
a. Amazon S3 (CORRECT)
b. Amazon EBS Volume
c. Amazon RDS
d. Amazon EMR

51>
You receive a frantic call from a new DBA who accidentally dropped a table containing all your customers. Which Amazon RDS feature will allow you to reliably restore your database to within 5 minutes of when the mistake was made?
a. Multi-AZ RDS
b. RDS snapshots
c. RDS read replicas
d. RDS automated backup (CORRECT)

52>
Disabling automated backups ______ disable the point-in-time recovery.
a. if configured to can
c. will never
d. will (CORRECT)

53>
Changes to the backup window take effect ______.
a. from the next billing cycle
b. after 30 minutes
c. immediately (CORRECT)
d. after 24 hours

54>
You can modify the backup retention period; valid values are 0 (for no backup retention) to a maximum of ___________ days.
a. 45
b. 35 (CORRECT)
c. 15
d. 5

55>
Amazon RDS automated backups and DB Snapshots are currently supported for only the ______ storage engine
MyISAM
InnoDB (CORRECT)

56>
What happens to the I/O operations while you take a database snapshot?

a. I/O operations to the database are suspended for a few minutes while the backup is in progress. (CORRECT)
b. I/O operations to the database are sent to a Replica (if available) for a few minutes while the backup is in progress.
c. I/O operations will be functioning normally
d. I/O operations to the database are suspended for an hour while the backup is in progress

57>
True or False: When you perform a restore operation to a point in time or from a DB Snapshot, a new DB Instance is created with a new endpoint.

a. FALSE
b. TRUE (CORRECT) 

58>
True or False: Manually created DB Snapshots are deleted after the DB Instance is deleted.
a. TRUE
b. FALSE (CORRECT)

59>
A user is running a MySQL RDS instance. The user will not use the DB for the next 3 months. How can the user save costs?

a. Pause the RDS activities from CLI until it is required in the future
b. Stop the RDS instance
c. Create a snapshot of RDS to launch in the future and terminate the instance now (CORRECT)
d. Change the instance size to micro

60>
Can I encrypt connections between my application and my DB Instance using SSL?
a. No
b. Yes (CORRECT)
c. Only in VPC
d. Only in certain regions

61>
Which of these configuration or deployment practices is a security risk for RDS?
a. Storing SQL function code in plaintext
b. Non-Multi-AZ RDS instance
c. Having RDS and EC2 instances exist in the same subnet
d. RDS in a public subnet (Making RDS accessible to the public internet in a public subnet poses a security risk, by making your database directly addressable and spammable. DB instances deployed within a VPC can be configured to be accessible from the Internet or from EC2 instances outside the VPC. If a VPC security group specifies a port access such as TCP port 22, you would not be able to access the DB instance because the firewall for the DB instance provides access only via the IP addresses specified by the DB security groups the instance is a member of and the port defined when the DB instance was created. Refer link)

62>
A user has launched an RDS MySQL DB with the Multi AZ feature. The user has scheduled the scaling of instance storage during maintenance window. What is the correct order of events during maintenance window? 1. Perform maintenance on standby 2. Promote standby to primary 3. Perform maintenance on original primary 4. Promote original master back as primary
a. 1, 2, 3, 4 (promoting the orginal primary back to primary is not needed). 
b. 1, 2, 3 (CORRECT)
c. 2, 3, 4, 1

63>
Can I control if and when MySQL based RDS Instance is upgraded to new supported versions?

a. No
b. Only in VPC
c. Yes (CORRECT)

64>
A user has scheduled the maintenance window of an RDS DB on Monday at 3 AM. Which of the below mentioned events may force to take the DB instance offline during the maintenance window?
a. Enabling Read Replica
b. Making the DB Multi AZ
c. DB password change
d. Security patching (CORRECT)

65>
A user has launched an RDS postgreSQL DB with AWS. The user did not specify the maintenance window during creation. The user has configured RDS to update the DB instance type from micro to large. If the user wants to have it during the maintenance window, what will AWS do?
a. AWS will not allow to update the DB until the maintenance window is configured
b. AWS will select the default maintenance window if the user has not provided it (CORRECT)
c. AWS will ask the user to specify the maintenance window during the update
d. It is not possible to change the DB size from micro to large with RDS

66>
Can I test my DB Instance against a new version before upgrading?
a. No
b. Yes (CORRECT)
c. Only in VPC


67>
You run a web application with the following components Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), 3 Web/Application servers, 1 MySQL RDS database with read replicas, and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) for static content. Average response time for users is increasing slowly. What three CloudWatch RDS metrics will allow you to identify if the database is the bottleneck? Choose 3 answers
a. The number of outstanding IOs waiting to access the disk
b. The amount of write latency
c. The amount of disk space occupied by binary logs on the master.
d. The amount of time a Read Replica DB Instance lags behind the source DB Instance
e. The average number of disk I/O operations per second.

68>
Typically, you want your application to check whether a request generated an error before you spend any time processing results. The easiest way to find out if an error occurred is to look for an __________ node in the response from the Amazon RDS API.
a. Incorrect
b. Error
c. FALSE

69>
In the Amazon CloudWatch, which metric should I be checking to ensure that your DB Instance has enough free storage space?
a. FreeStorage
b. FreeStorageSpace (CORRECT)
c. FreeStorageVolume
d. FreeDBStorageSpace

70>
A user is receiving a notification from the RDS DB whenever there is a change in the DB security group. The user does not want to receive these notifications for only a month. Thus, he does not want to delete the notification. How can the user configure this?

a. Change the Disable button for notification to “Yes” in the RDS console
b. Set the send mail flag to false in the DB event notification console
c. The only option is to delete the notification from the console
d. Change the Enable button for notification to “No” in the RDS console

71>
A sys admin is planning to subscribe to the RDS event notifications. For which of the below mentioned source categories the subscription cannot be configured?
a. DB security group
b. DB snapshot
c. DB options group
d. DB parameter group

72>
A user is planning to setup notifications on the RDS DB for a snapshot. Which of the below mentioned event categories is not supported by RDS for this snapshot source type?
a. Backup (Refer link)
b. Creation
c. Deletion
d. Restoration
 
73>
A system admin is planning to setup event notifications on RDS. Which of the below mentioned services will help the admin setup notifications?
a. AWS SES
b. AWS Cloudtrail
c. AWS CloudWatch
d. AWS SNS (CORRECT)

74>
A user has setup an RDS DB with Oracle. The user wants to get notifications when someone modifies the security group of that DB. How can the user configure that?
a. It is not possible to get the notifications on a change in the security group
b. Configure SNS to monitor security group changes
c. Configure event notification on the DB security group (CORRECT)
d. Configure the CloudWatch alarm on the DB for a change in the security group

75> 
It is advised that you watch the Amazon CloudWatch “_____” metric (available via the AWS Management Console or Amazon Cloud Watch APIs) carefully and recreate the Read Replica should it fall behind due to replication errors.
a. Write Lag
b. Read Replica
c. Replica Lag
d. Single Replica

76>
You are running a database on an EC2 instance, with the data stored on Elastic Block Store (EBS) for persistence At times throughout the day, you are seeing large variance in the response times of the database queries Looking into the instance with the isolate command you see a lot of wait time on the disk volume that the database’s data is stored on. What two ways can you improve the performance of the database’s storage while maintaining the current persistence of the data? Choose 2 answers

a. Move to an SSD backed instance
b. Move the database to an EBS-Optimized Instance (CORRECT)
c. Use Provisioned IOPs EBS (CORRECT)
d. Use the ephemeral storage on an m2.4xLarge Instance Instead