Security Questions 

1>
Which service enables AWS customers to manage users and permissions in AWS?
a. AWS Access Control Service (ACS)
b. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) (CORRECT)
c. AWS Identity Manager (AIM)

2>
IAM provides several policy templates you can use to automatically assign permissions to the groups you create. The _____ policy template gives the Admins group permission to access all account resources, except your AWS account information
a. Read Only Access
b. Power User Access
c. AWS Cloud Formation Read Only Access 
d. Administrator Access (CORRECT)

3>
Every user you create in the IAM system starts with _________.
a. Partial permissions
b. Full permissions
c. No permissions (CORRECT)

4>
Groups can’t _____.
a. be nested more than 3 levels
b. be nested at all (CORRECT)
c. be nested more than 4 levels
d. be nested more than 2 levels

5>
The _____ service is targeted at organizations with multiple users or systems that use AWS products such as Amazon EC2, Amazon SimpleDB, and the AWS Management Console.
a. Amazon RDS
b. AWS Integrity Management
c. AWS Identity and Access Management (CORRECT)
c. Amazon EMR

6>
An AWS customer is deploying an application that is composed of an AutoScaling group of EC2 Instances. The customers security policy requires that every outbound connection from these instances to any other service within the customers Virtual Private Cloud must be authenticated using a unique x.509 certificate that contains the specific instanceid. In addition an x.509 certificates must be designed by the customer’s Key management service in order to be trusted for authentication. Which of the following configurations will support these requirements?

a. Configure an IAM Role that grants access to an Amazon S3 object containing a signed certificate and configure the Auto Scaling group to launch instances with this role. Have the instances bootstrap get the certificate from Amazon S3 upon first boot.
b. Embed a certificate into the Amazon Machine Image that is used by the Auto Scaling group. Have the launched instances generate a certificate signature request with the instance’s assigned instance-id to the Key management service for signature.

c. Configure the Auto Scaling group to send an SNS notification of the launch of a new instance to the trusted key management service. Have the Key management service generate a signed certificate and send it directly to the newly launched instance.

d. Configure the launched instances to generate a new certificate upon first boot. Have the Key management service poll the AutoScaling group for associated instances and send new instances a certificate signature that contains the specific instance-id.

7>
When assessing an organization AWS use of AWS API access credentials which of the following three credentials should be evaluated? Choose 3 answers
a. Key pairs
b. Console passwords(CORRECT)
c. Access keys (CORRECT)
d. Signing certificates (CORRECT)
e. Security Group memberships (required for EC2 instance access) 

8>
An organization has created 50 IAM users. The organization wants that each user can change their password but cannot change their access keys. How can the organization achieve this?
a. The organization has to create a special password policy and attach it to each user
b. The root account owner has to use CLI which forces each IAM user to change their password on first login
c. By default each IAM user can modify their passwords
d. Root account owner can set the policy from the IAM console under the password policy screen (CORRECT)

9>
An organization has created 50 IAM users. The organization has introduced a new policy which will change the access of an IAM user. How can the organization implement this effectively so that there is no need to apply the policy at the individual user level?

a. Use the IAM groups and add users as per their role to different groups and apply policy to group (CORRECT)
b. The user can create a policy and apply it to multiple users in a single go with the AWS CLI
c. Add each user to the IAM role as per their organization role to achieve effective policy setup
d. Use the IAM role and implement access at the role level

10>
Your organization’s security policy requires that all privileged users either use frequently rotated passwords or one-time access credentials in addition to username/password. Which two of the following options would allow an organization to enforce this policy for AWS users? Choose 2 answers
a. Configure multi-factor authentication for privileged IAM users (CORRECT)
b. Create IAM users for privileged accounts (can set password policy) (CORRECT)
c. Implement identity federation between your organization’s Identity provider leveraging the IAM Security Token Service 
d. Enable the IAM single-use password policy option for privileged users (no such option the password expiration can be set from 1 to 1095 days)


11>
Your organization is preparing for a security assessment of your use of AWS. In preparation for this assessment, which two IAM best practices should you consider implementing? Choose 2 answers
a. Create individual IAM users for everyone in your organization
b. Configure MFA on the root account and for privileged IAM users (CORRECT)
c. Assign IAM users and groups configured with policies granting least privilege access (CORRECT)
d. Ensure all users have been assigned and are frequently rotating a password, access ID/secret key, and X.509 certificate

12>
A company needs to deploy services to an AWS region which they have not previously used. The company currently has an AWS identity and Access Management (IAM) role for the Amazon EC2 instances, which permits the instance to have access to Amazon DynamoDB. The company wants their EC2 instances in the new region to have the same privileges. How should the company achieve this?
a. Create a new IAM role and associated policies within the new region
b. Assign the existing IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instances in the new region (CORRECT)
c. Copy the IAM role and associated policies to the new region and attach it to the instances
d. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the instance and copy it to the desired region using the AMI Copy feature

13>
After creating a new IAM user which of the following must be done before they can successfully make API calls?
a. Add a password to the user.
b. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for the user.
c. Assign a Password Policy to the user.
d. Create a set of Access Keys for the user (CORRECT)

14>
An organization is planning to create a user with IAM. They are trying to understand the limitations of IAM so that they can plan accordingly. Which of the below mentioned statements is not true with respect to the limitations of IAM?
a. One IAM user can be a part of a maximum of 5 groups (Refer link)
b. Organization can create 100 groups per AWS account
c. One AWS account can have a maximum of 5000 IAM users
d. One AWS account can have 250 roles

15>
Within the IAM service a GROUP is regarded as a:
a. A collection of AWS accounts
b. It’s the group of EC2 machines that gain the permissions specified in the GROUP.
c. There’s no GROUP in IAM, but only USERS and RESOURCES.
d. A collection of users.

16>
Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?
a. Yes for all users except root
b. No 
c. Yes unless special permission granted
c. Yes for all users (CORRECT)

17>
What is the default maximum number of MFA devices in use per AWS account (at the root account level)?
1 (CORRECT)
5
15
10

18>
When you use the AWS Management Console to delete an IAM user, IAM also deletes any signing certificates and any access keys belonging to the user.
a. FALSE
b. This is configurable
c. TRUE (CORRECT)

20>
You are setting up a blog on AWS. In which of the following scenarios will you need AWS credentials? (Choose 3)
a. Sign in to the AWS management console to launch an Amazon EC2 instance
b. Sign in to the running instance to instance some software (needs ssh keys)
c. Launch an Amazon RDS instance
d. Log into your blog’s content management system to write a blog post (need to authenticate using blog authentication)
d. Post pictures to your blog on Amazon S3


21>
An organization has 500 employees. The organization wants to set up AWS access for each department. Which of the below mentioned options is a possible solution?
a. Create IAM roles based on the permission and assign users to each role
b. Create IAM users and provide individual permission to each
c. Create IAM groups based on the permission and assign IAM users to the groups
d. It is not possible to manage more than 100 IAM users with AWS

22>
An organization has hosted an application on the EC2 instances. There will be multiple users connecting to the instance for setup and configuration of application. The organization is planning to implement certain security best practices. Which of the below mentioned pointers will not help the organization achieve better security arrangement?

a. Apply the latest patch of OS and always keep it updated.
b. Allow only IAM users to connect with the EC2 instances with their own secret access key. (Refer link)
c. Disable the password-based login for all the users. All the users should use their own keys to connect with the instance securely.
d.Create a procedure to revoke the access rights of the individual user when they are not required to connect to EC2 instance anymore for the purpose of application configuration.

23>
A company is building software on AWS that requires access to various AWS services. Which configuration should be used to ensure that AWS credentials (i.e., Access Key ID/Secret Access Key combination) are not compromised?
a. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication for your AWS root account.
b. Assign an IAM role to the Amazon EC2 instance.
c. Store the AWS Access Key ID/Secret Access Key combination in software comments.
d. Assign an IAM user to the Amazon EC2 Instance.


24>
A company is preparing to give AWS Management Console access to developers. Company policy mandates identity federation and role-based access control. Roles are currently assigned using groups in the corporate Active Directory. What combination of the following will give developers access to the AWS console? (Select 2) Choose 2 answers
a. AWS Directory Service AD Connector (CORRECT)
b. AWS Directory Service Simple AD
c. AWS Identity and Access Management groups
d. AWS identity and Access Management roles (CORRECT)
e. AWS identity and Access Management users

25>
A customer needs corporate IT governance and cost oversight of all AWS resources consumed by its divisions. The divisions want to maintain administrative control of the discrete AWS resources they consume and keep those resources separate from the resources of other divisions. Which of the following options, when used together will support the autonomy/control of divisions while enabling corporate IT to maintain governance and cost oversight? Choose 2 answers
a. Use AWS Consolidated Billing and disable AWS root account access for the child accounts.
b. Enable IAM cross-account access for all corporate IT administrators in each child account. (Provides IT governance)
c. Create separate VPCs for each division within the corporate IT AWS account.
d. Use AWS Consolidated Billing to link the divisions’ accounts to a parent corporate account. (Will provide cost oversight)
e. Write all child AWS CloudTrail and Amazon CloudWatch logs to each child account’s Amazon S3 ‘Log’ bucket.


26>
Which of the following items are required to allow an application deployed on an EC2 instance to write data to a DynamoDB table? Assume that no security keys are allowed to be stored on the EC2 instance. (Choose 2 answers)
a. Create an IAM Role that allows write access to the DynamoDB table
b. Add an IAM Role to a running EC2 instance. (With latest enhancement from AWS, IAM role can be assigned to a running EC2 instance)
c. Create an IAM User that allows write access to the DynamoDB table.
d. Add an IAM User to a running EC2 instance.
e. Launch an EC2 Instance with the IAM Role included in the launch configuration (This was the correct answer before, as AWS did not allow IAM role to be added to an existing instance)


27>
A photo-sharing service stores pictures in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) and allows application sign-in using an OpenID Connect-compatible identity provider. Which AWS Security Token Service approach to temporary access should you use for the Amazon S3 operations?
a. SAML-based Identity Federation
b. Cross-Account Access
c. AWS IAM users
d. Web Identity Federation

28>
Which technique can be used to integrate AWS IAM (Identity and Access Management) with an on-premise LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) directory service?
a. Use an IAM policy that references the LDAP account identifiers and the AWS credentials.
b. Use SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) to enable single sign-on between AWS and LDAP
c. Use AWS Security Token Service from an identity broker to issue short-lived AWS credentials. (Refer Link)
d. Use IAM roles to automatically rotate the IAM credentials when LDAP credentials are updated.
e. Use the LDAP credentials to restrict a group of users from launching specific EC2 instance types.

29>
IAM’s Policy Evaluation Logic always starts with a default ____________ for every request, except for those that use the AWS account’s root security credentials b
a. Permit
b. Deny
c. Cancel
30>
An organization has created 10 IAM users. The organization wants each of the IAM users to have access to a separate DynamoDB table. All the users are added to the same group and the organization wants to setup a group level policy for this. How can the organization achieve this?
a. Define the group policy and add a condition which allows the access based on the IAM name
b. Create a DynamoDB table with the same name as the IAM user name and define the policy rule which grants access based on the DynamoDB ARN using a variable
c. Create a separate DynamoDB database for each user and configure a policy in the group based on the DB variable
d. It is not possible to have a group level policy which allows different IAM users to different DynamoDB Tables

31>
An organization has setup multiple IAM users. The organization wants that each IAM user accesses the IAM console only within the organization and not from outside. How can it achieve this?
a. Create an IAM policy with the security group and use that security group for AWS console login
b. Create an IAM policy with a condition which denies access when the IP address range is not from the organization
c. Configure the EC2 instance security group which allows traffic only from the organization’s IP range
d. Create an IAM policy with VPC and allow a secure gateway between the organization and AWS Console

32>
Can I attach more than one policy to a particular entity?
a. Yes always
b. Only if within GovCloud
c. No
c. Only if within VPC

33>
A __________ is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more permissions.
a. policy
b. permission
c. Role
d. resource

34>
A __________ is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, or role some type of access to one or more resources.
a. user
b. AWS Account
c. resource
d. permission

35>
True or False: When using IAM to control access to your RDS resources, the key names that can be used are case sensitive. For example, aws:CurrentTime is NOT equivalent to AWS:currenttime.
TRUE
FALSE (Refer link)


A user has set an IAM policy where it allows all requests if a request from IP 10.10.10.1/32. Another policy allows all the requests between 5 PM to 7 PM. What will happen when a user is requesting access from IP 10.10.10.1/32 at 6 PM?
IAM will throw an error for policy conflict
It is not possible to set a policy based on the time or IP
It will deny access
It will allow access
Which of the following are correct statements with policy evaluation logic in AWS Identity and Access Management? Choose 2 answers.
By default, all requests are denied
An explicit allow overrides an explicit deny
An explicit allow overrides default deny
An explicit deny does not override an explicit allow
By default, all request are allowed
A web design company currently runs several FTP servers that their 250 customers use to upload and download large graphic files. They wish to move this system to AWS to make it more scalable, but they wish to maintain customer privacy and keep costs to a minimum. What AWS architecture would you recommend? [PROFESSIONAL]
Ask their customers to use an S3 client instead of an FTP client. Create a single S3 bucket. Create an IAM user for each customer. Put the IAM Users in a Group that has an IAM policy that permits access to subdirectories within the bucket via use of the ‘username’ Policy variable.
Create a single S3 bucket with Reduced Redundancy Storage turned on and ask their customers to use an S3 client instead of an FTP client. Create a bucket for each customer with a Bucket Policy that permits access only to that one customer. (Creating bucket for each user is not a scalable model, also 100 buckets are a limit earlier without extending which has since changed link)
Create an auto-scaling group of FTP servers with a scaling policy to automatically scale-in when minimum network traffic on the auto-scaling group is below a given threshold. Load a central list of ftp users from S3 as part of the user Data startup script on each Instance (Expensive)
Create a single S3 bucket with Requester Pays turned on and ask their customers to use an S3 client instead of an FTP client. Create a bucket tor each customer with a Bucket Policy that permits access only to that one customer. (Creating bucket for each user is not a scalable model, also 100 buckets are a limit earlier without extending which has since changed link)



>
Your organization is preparing for a security assessment of your use of AWS. In preparation for this assessment, which two IAM best practices should you consider implementing? Choose 2 answers
a. Create individual IAM users for everyone in your organization (May not be needed as can use Roles as well)
b. Configure MFA on the root account and for privileged IAM users
c. Assign IAM users and groups configured with policies granting least privilege access
d. Ensure all users have been assigned and are frequently rotating a password, access ID/secret key, and X.509 certificate (Must be assigned only if using console or through command line)

>
What are the recommended best practices for IAM? (Choose 3 answers)

a. Grant least privilege (CORRECT)
b. User the AWS account(root) for regular user
c. Use Mutli-Factor Authentication (MFA) (CORRECT)
d. Store access key/private key in git
e. Rotate credentials regularly (CORRECT)

>
Which of the below mentioned options is not a best practice to securely manage the AWS access credentials?
a. Enable MFA for privileged users
b. Create individual IAM users
c. Keep rotating your secure access credentials at regular intervals
d. Create strong access key and secret access key and attach to the root account (CORRECT)

>
Your CTO is very worried about the security of your AWS account. How best can you prevent hackers from completely hijacking your account?
a. Use short but complex password on the root account and any administrators.
b. Use AWS IAM Geo-Lock and disallow anyone from logging in except for in your city.
c. Use MFA on all users and accounts, especially on the root account. (For increased security, it is recommend to configure MFA to help protect AWS resources)
d. Don’t write down or remember the root account password after creating the AWS account.

>
Fill the blanks: ____ helps us track AWS API calls and transitions, ____ helps to understand what resources we have now, and ____ allows auditing credentials and logins.
a. AWS Config, CloudTrail, IAM Credential Reports
b. CloudTrail, IAM Credential Reports, AWS Config
c. CloudTrail, AWS Config, IAM Credential Reports
d. AWS Config, IAM Credential Reports, CloudTrail
